MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

2024

MINI HARDTOP 2 DOOR

Equipped with fun-wheel drive. Starting at $25,800

CONTACT A DEALER

SHOP INVENTORY

AnchorLink

FIND YOUR HARDTOP 2 DOOR

Meet your match.

All-electric fun

Cooper SE Hardtop 2 Door

Starting At

$30,900

Electrified handling.

181 hp

Horsepower

110 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

6.9 sec

0-60 Speed

Extremely fun

Cooper Hardtop 2 Door

Starting At

$25,800

The iconic MINI drive.

134 hp

Horsepower

32 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

7.6 sec

0-60 Speed

Unbelievably fun

Cooper S Hardtop 2 Door

Starting At

$29,100

Fun, fast and furious.

189 hp

Horsepower

31 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

6.4 sec

0-60 Speed

Unbelievably fun

John Cooper Works Hardtop 2 Door

Starting At

$35,400

Fun, fast and furious.

228 hp

Horsepower

29 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

5.9 sec

0-60 Speed

AnchorLink

EXTERIOR

Meet the car that doesn’t fit in—except in tight spaces.

Discover the car that’s as unique as you are. The car that drives different. The car that can take a wrong turn and turn it into the right move. Discover the 2024 MINI Hardtop 2 Door hatchback. There’s nothing quite like it. And that’s why you’ll love it.

BUILD YOURS

Loads of exterior features to discover.

Dapper design.

Stand out as you take corners like a champ. The Hardtop 2 Door is furnished with auto-leveling LED headlights and a patterned front grille to go along with optional Piano Black exterior.

Fine finishes.

Make a fashion statement. The Hardtop 2 Door stretches about 152 inches long from the LED headlights all the way to the bumper, tailpipe finisher, and striped Union Jack taillights.

Fresh functionality.

Point A to Point B is safe and stylish. The Hardtop 2 Door hatchback has a secure Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) and Multitone Roof available in three exclusive color gradients.

Delightful drive.

Be bold and breathtaking. The Hardtop 2 Door comes with multiple wheel variations to pair with details like the model badge and side scuttle plus the front and rear “wings”.

AnchorLink

INTERIOR

Get in your comfort zone.

The subcompact hatchback you’ve always loved is more magical than ever before. From amped-up ambient lighting and a reinvigorated dashboard to dandy designs for the steering wheel and air vents, you’ll fall head over wheels for the funnest car on the road.

Cooper S variant shown.

Here’s where all the fun happens.

Loads of interior features to discover.

Steering Wheel

The Hardtop 2 Door has a multifunctional sport leather steering wheel that’s gamified with Lane Departure Warning, which notifies drivers about lane drifting with rhythmic vibrations.

Dynamic Digital Instrument Cluster

The Hardtop 2 Door replaces the Analog Cluster with a 5.5” Dynamic Digital Instrument Cluster for easier view of information like vehicle speed, driving modes, and charging level if applicable.

Seating

The Hardtop 2 Door comfortably seats up to four adults, with an average of 36.1 inches of legroom between the front and back rows across all of its engine variants.

Dashboard

The Hardtop 2 Door includes a beautiful dashboard composition featuring a large 8.8” touchscreen in the center instrument display with an intuitive interface and High Gloss black detail.

Extras

The Hardtop 2 Door is graced with a built-in Driver Assistant System plus configurable ambient lighting, heated front seats, and optional Rear Park Distance Control.

AnchorLink

UNDER THE HOOD

Fun controllable.

Hop in and make big MINI moves. The 2024 MINI Hardtop 2 Door comes fully equipped with a TwinPower Turbo engine configuration, which will get you from 0-60 in as little as 5.9 seconds at 228 horsepower with the JCW engine variant.

Acceleration shown for John Cooper Works engine variant.

VIEW FULL SPECS

EXPLORE JCW

STANDARD FEATURES

So MINI reasons to get one.

MINI App

The MINI App connects you with extensive remote capabilities, intelligent status updates, personalized interface themes, and other features to elevate the ownership experience.

Apple CarPlay

Apple CarPlay is standard across all models, enabling hands-free functionality by syncing an iPhone to the high-resolution 8.8” touchscreen media display.

Roadside Assistance

24/7, 365 at 1-866-MINI-USA. Every new MINI comes standard with complimentary towing, locked-out service, and on-site assistance for the first 4 years (miles are unlimited).

Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program

Standard across all models, our Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program provides recommended scheduled maintenance for up to 3 years or 36,000 miles—whichever comes first.

MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty

The MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty takes care of everything inside and outside your vehicle for 4 years or 50,000 miles—whichever comes first.

TeleService Requests

Schedule service seamlessly. Our embedded cellular telematics system automatically or manually transmits vehicle service status and needs to your MINI Service Advisor.

Standard LED Headlights

Light up the road with LED headlights, standard across all models, that have cornering functionality and an auto-leveling system which adjusts the angle to the road.

Active Driving Assistant

Stay in control with Active Driving Assistant, standard across all models, which includes collision warning and automatic emergency braking.

MINI IN THE NEWS

Always off the charts.

Guess which automaker tops the Consumer Reports* ratings for reliability? Surprise, surprise. Check out the ratings chart and see how MINI stacks up.

LEARN MORE

Consumer Reports does not endorse products or services.

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

Dive into the details.

Discover the other gems in the MINI family and build your own from scratch.

Check out the lineup.

Take a closer look at the stellar MINI lineup for information on each model plus specifications across different engine variants.

DOWNLOAD BROCHURE

Customize your own.

If you’re ready to make some moves, take our build-your-own configurator for a spin and customize a MINI to your liking.

BUILD YOURS

Hardtop 2 Door FAQs.

COMMON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MINI HARDTOP 2 DOOR

What is a MINI Cooper Hardtop?

The Hardtop can be considered the classic MINI, available in both two- and four-door models. It can be completely customizable and always provides our signature fun, go-kart drive.

How much does a MINI Hardtop 2 Door cost?

The price of a 2024 MINI Hardtop 2 Door starts at $25,800 for the Cooper engine variant, $29,100 for the Cooper S engine variant, $30,900 for the Cooper SE Electric engine variant, and $35,400 for the John Cooper Works engine variant.

What are the dimensions of a MINI Hardtop 2 Door?

The 2024 MINI Hardtop 2 Door measures an average of 152.4 inches long, 75.9 inches wide (including mirrors), and about 56 inches tall with a 98.2-inch wheelbase across all engine variants.

What is the weight of the MINI Hardtop 2 Door?

The MINI Hardtop 2 Door weighs 2,769 lbs for the Cooper engine variant, 2,841 lbs for the Cooper S engine variant, 2,951 lbs for the JCW engine variant, and 3,143 lbs for the Cooper SE engine variant.

How fast is a MINI Hardtop 2 Door?

The 2024 MINI Hardtop 2 Door has an estimated top speed of 153 miles per hour for the John Cooper Works engine variant while reaching 0-60 mph in approximately 5.9 seconds. The Cooper and Cooper S engine variants have estimated top speeds of 130 mph and 146 mph, respectively, while reaching 0-60 mph in 7.6 seconds for the Cooper and 6.4 seconds for the Cooper S. The Cooper SE engine variant has an estimated top speed of 93 miles per hour while reaching 0-60 mph in approximately 6.9 seconds.

Is the MINI Hardtop 2 Door available with all-wheel drive?

No, the MINI Hardtop 2 Door model is not outfitted with our intelligent ALL4 all-wheel drive system. However, ALL4 all-wheel drive capabilities are available as an option with various Clubman and Countryman model engine variants.

Is the MINI Hardtop 2 Door available in a manual transmission?

Yes, the MINI Hardtop 2 Door subcompact hatchback is available in six-speed manual or automatic transmissions.

Is the MINI Hardtop 2 Door a Convertible?

The MINI Hardtop comes in both two- and four-door body styles. MINI also has a convertible option known as the MINI Convertible.

How many seats does the MINI Hardtop 2 Door have?

The 2024 MINI Hardtop 2 Door seats four passengers comfortably across all four engine variants.

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube