MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

MINI ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT

Updated as of July 1, 2021

MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC is committed to providing a website that is accessible for people with disabilities. To meet this commitment, we are continually improving the user experience to ensure we provide equal access to all of our users.

Measures to support accessibility

MINIUSA.com takes the following measures to assess and ensure accessibility of our website:

Provide continual accessibility training for our staff; · Assign clear accessibility targets and responsibilities; and · Employ formal accessibility quality assurance methods.

Whenever possible, MINIUSA.com will adhere to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 levels A and AA, which defines requirements for designers and developers to improve accessibility for people with disabilities.

Compatibility with browsers and assistive technology

MINIUSA.com uses the following browsers and assistive technology for conformance with accessibility standards:

MacOS using the latest Safari browser version and VoiceOver as the assistive technology · Windows using the latest Firefox browser version and NVDA as the assistive technology

Technical specifications

Conformance with accessibility standards for MINIUSA.com relies on the following technologies:

HTML · WAI-ARIA · CSS

Implementation tools

The following tools have been utilized by MINIUSA.com to implement and ensure the accessibility of our website.

Standards for browsers

Color contrast checker

Keyboard navigation

Screen reader compatibility

Limitations and alternatives

Despite our best efforts to ensure accessibility of MINIUSA.com, there may be some limitations. Below is a description of known limitations.

Alternative text for decorative elements: Though we do provide textual alternative for most of our non-text content, we omit in instances where it results in duplicative content.

Captions and/or transcripts for media: For videos and live audio that do not have spoken text, we do not provide captions and a transcript.

Font styling: Headings and text legibility may be compromised to adhere to corporate branding. This includes headings formatted in all caps and text placed over media.

Font size: To increase legibility, enlarge content by using your native browser functionality.

Carousels: MINIUSA.com's usage of carousels incorporate elements like alternative text and manual scrolling for improved accessibility, but some users might experience technical limitations.

Please note that MINI USA is not responsible for the accessibility of the content on any third-party website, owned and operated by an independent party over which MINI USA has no control. This includes, but is not limited to, dealer websites affiliated with MINI USA.

Feedback

We welcome your feedback relating to improving the accessibility of our website. Please don't hesitate to contact us at:

Phone: 866-275-6464 Customer Service Hours: Monday-Thursday 9:00 am to 9:00 pm ET, Friday 9:00 am to 6:00 pm ET. Email: mini.assistance@askminiusa.com Mail: MINI USA, Customer Relations and Services, PO Box 1227, Westwood NJ 07675-1227

OK Cancel

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

Manage Cookies

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube