MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

MINI ELECTRIC MODELS

CONTACT A DEALER

ELECTRIC FEELS MEET MINI THRILLS.

MINI has a history of innovative and efficient design. An electrified MINI is no exception. We designed our electric MINIs so you can enjoy the same go-kart feeling and admire an iconic design with a MINI supercharged to work with your lifestyle.

shop local inventory

VIEW OFFERS

01.

charging convenience

COVERED AT HOME & ON THE ROAD

Recharging your car is just as easy as charging your phone. Plug it in overnight at home and you’ll be ready to roll in the morning. If you need extra juice while you’re out, there are countless stations nearby at any time. You’ll quickly discover that charging your electric MINI is easier than you’d ever thought.

02.

cost effective

DISCOVER SAVINGS

Driving electric is typically less expensive than maintaining a traditional gasoline engine vehicle. Tax incentives and gas savings add up very quickly and you won’t have to be concerned with nearly as much maintenance. Say goodbye to oil changes and all the other chores that come with the gas car you’ve become used to.

03.

MINI EV Owner’s benefits

THERE’S MORE TO MINI

Between an 8 year or 100,000 miles -whichever comes first - battery warranty and the MINI app, with seamless route planning and charging stop recommendations based on traffic conditions and your battery’s charge, it doesn’t get better than MINI Electric. But don’t take our word for it - hear it from our owners.

Learn More

2024 MIni cooper SE hardtop

THE electric hardtop 2-door.

Say hello to electric thrills with this stylish and suitable all-electric hatchback with an astonishingly aerodynamic drive.

battery warranty

8 years / 100,000 miles

View warranty details

Starting at $30,900

Est. 114 miles of range

0-60 mph in 6.9 secs

36 min quick charge to 80% at 50 kW

LEARN MORE

electric lifestyle

plenty of perks.

Recharge on the road

Plug into the world around you with instinctive navigation. Breeze through your next road trip with everything from convenient map services and live traffic updates to charge-optimized route planning and a charging station finder.

Don’t sweat it

Precondition your MINI while it charges to optimize cabin temperatures and maximize your vehicle’s range. The best part? You can do it from bed on the MINI App.

Slow down and power up

As well as slowing you down, regenerative braking can also help extend your range. When you lift off the accelerator, your speed is converted back into electricity topping up the battery. Keeping this feature on the highest level will get you the best results.

Charging Convenience Stay charged at home and on the road

Charging Options

Charging Options

For Occasional Use Occasional Use Charger Charge up to 4 miles per hour.

Comes standard with your MINI

Charge with any standard 120V power outlet

Compact and portable

Compatible with electric and plug-in hybrid models

Recommended Optimized Home Wallbox or Public Charger Can fully charge your Cooper SE Hardtop in about 4 hours, or your Cooper SE Countryman in about 2.5 hours.

Never leave home without a full charge

Smart charge settings available

Compatible with electric and plug-in hybrid models

Public Charging Charge Quickly On the Go Up to 80% charge in as little as 36 minutes

Charging stations located nationwide

Charge while you run errands

Public charging stations can be found as points of interest within the MINI navigation system, the MINI App, and via other charging station apps or services

Compatible with the MINI Cooper SE (not compatible with the MINI Cooper SE Countryman)

charging station locations

See how far a MINI can take you by finding charging stations near you.

energy.gov

COST EFFECTIVE

Making the switch to electric uncovers major savings.

POTENTIAL FINANCIAL BENEFITS

When you drive electric, you’re not only saving on carbon emissions, you’re also saving money with less maintenance.

$6,250

in Fuel Savings over 5 Years

See Additional State & Local Incentives Available

COLORADO

NEW JERSEY

CONNECTICUT

NEW YORK

DELAWARE

PENNSLYVANIA

ILLINOIS

RHODE ISLAND

MAINE

VERMONT

MASSACHUSETTS

WASHINGTON

MARYLAND

Don't see your state? SEE MORE AT ENERGY.GOV

CALCULATOR

Take a look at the potential annual savings of using electricity compared to gasoline.

Please choose between:

Annual

Monthly

$0

Fuel cost

$0

Charging cost

Estimated total

$0

Saved per year

in annual savings when you switch to an electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle.

Your Current Fuel Cost: $0

Estimated Charging Costs: $0

Please note, this tool provides an indicative estimate based on 31 kWh / 100 miles. Actual results will vary according to conditions and driving style. Find out more here.

Please note, this tool provides an indicative estimate based on 31 kWh / 100 miles. Actual results will vary according to conditions and driving style. Find out more here.

More benefits

MINI Maintenance Program

Electric MINIs require less maintenance than traditional combustion vehicles, but when you need it, it’ll be on us.

Exclusive lane access

Cut even more time from your daily commutes – the MINI Electric Hardtop is eligible for HOV lane access with a single occupant in select states.

Priority parking

Drivers of EVs often receive preferential parking for increased convenience while charging.

No more oil changes

Say goodbye to gas pumps or oil changes and say hello to economic efficiency. Monitor your electric cost per kilowatt-hour (kWh) and expect fewer maintenance requirements in a small electric vehicle versus a traditional gas-powered car.

COMING fall 2024

THE NEW ALL-ELECTRIC

COUNTRYMAN SE ALL4

$45,200 Starting MSRP

The evolution of MINI electric is in full force with this all-electric SUV, which comes with a minimalistic design DNA and ALL4 intelligent all-wheel drive.

LEARN MORE

Stay connected

The MINI Mobile App

For all of your MINI needs, the MINI Mobile App is always available to you. A simple download on your phone is all that’s keeping you from a fleet of exciting features.

Charging Status

Always know exactly how charged your electric MINI is just by opening the app.

Find Charging Stations

Open up the MINI Mobile App to search for the public charging station nearest to you.

Car Service and Appointments

For any MINI services and appointments you’ll need to schedule, you can do so directly in the MINI Mobile App.

Tech & Fun Features

Enjoy new technology and other fun features like climate control where you can adjust the temperature of your car. You can even lock and unlock your car from the app from afar just by using the MINI Mobile App.

DOWNLOAD THE APP

MINI Electric FAQs

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What are the All-Electric MINI Models?

The all-electric MINI models are the MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door, available now, and the MINI Countryman SE ALL4, coming in Fall 2024.

What are all-electric MINIs like to drive?

All-electric MINIs embody MINI’s performance legacy and engineering expertise. They are fun to drive, due to instant torque and linear acceleration of the electric motor. MINI EVs provide maximum torque from near standstill providing near-instant acceleration, MINIs are famous for their go-kart like handling. This fun-to-drive performance is maintained in MINI EVs with an even lower center of gravity – resulting in great driving dynamics, precise steering, and agile handling.

What are the advantages of driving an all-electric MINI?

According to the US Department of Energy (https://www.energy.gov/), all-electric vehicles produce no carbon dioxide emissions when driving and can significantly reduce the emissions that contribute to climate change and air pollution – which contributes to the improvement of public health and the reduction of ecological damage.

How do you charge the all-electric MINIs?

There are a number of ways to charge your all-electric MINI, whether at home or on the road. The compact and portable Level 1 Occasional Use Charger comes standard with your MINI and is ideal for at home charging with any standard 120V power outlet. For an even faster charge at home, there is the Level 2 Optimized Home Wallbox Charger which can fully charge your EV in about 4 hours, so you never leave without a full charge. And for charging on the go, there are plenty of Level 3 DC Fast public charging outlets located conveniently throughout the country. These can charge up to 80% in as little as 36 minutes and you can have locations automatically recommended to you based off your route and battery life via the MINI app.

How much does it cost to charge an all-electric MINI?

The cost to charge an EV depends on the cost of electricity per kWh. You can calculate the costs using the EV charging/cost savings under calculator on this page.

How does one access Public Charging Stations?

Public charging stations can generally be accessed by opening an account with a charging provider, similar to opening one for a toll tag. Some stations also permit credit card access. Generally, after opening an account (usually online or in-app), the corresponding app will provide instructions for how to find, access, and if needed pay for charging sessions.

What is brake energy regeneration?

Regenerative braking technology allows electric vehicles to recoup part of their energy during deceleration and braking storing it by recharging the battery.

What is the range of the all-electric MINIs?

The estimated range of the 2024 Electric Hardtop 2 Door is 114 miles.

Is MINI experienced in manufacturing batteries?

MINI, which is part of The BMW Group, responsibly sources raw materials from leading suppliers for battery cell production and has been manufacturing batteries for electric vehicles since 2013. MINI is committed to relentless research and development in the field of battery technology. The current generation of batteries in MINI’s all-electric vehicles reflects this expertise and experience. The ambient temperature, number of cycles, age of the battery (regardless of use), and other factors influence battery life. For your peace of mind, MINI offers a comprehensive battery warranty that also covers against excessive battery capacity loss (if net battery capacity is less than 70% of its original nominal value) – whichever should occur first.

How long does the MINI Electric battery last? What is the warranty?

MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC warrants the high-voltage lithium-ion battery assembly against defects in materials or workmanship for a period of 8 years / 100,000 miles for EVs and 8 years/80,000 miles for PHEVs, whichever occurs first. Due to its inherent technical design, the high-voltage lithium-ion battery’s capacity will decrease over time and with use. If an authorized MINI dealer's capacity check concludes that the net battery capacity is less than 70 percent of its original nominal value when it was new, this level of capacity loss is considered excessive. During the High-Voltage Lithium-Ion Battery Capacity Coverage period, MINI USA will cover the necessary component repair or replacement to correct this excessive capacity loss when performed by an authorized MINI dealer.

Does weather affect the performance and battery life of an electric MINI?

Just as with any other car, weather and other environmental conditions can affect a MINI EV. Extreme cold and hot temperatures may impact the driving range. Battery life is generally unaffected by typical weather conditions. Impacts on range can be minimized by using the pre-conditioning function which brings the car and battery to operating temperatures before driving off using power from the grid when plugged in.

Does the MINI Electric qualify for federal and state tax credits?

The 2024 MINI Cooper SE is eligible for many state and local incentives (including rebates, tax credits, and grants). For specific details on how these credits apply to an individual situation in your state or locality, please consult with a knowledgeable tax advisor. To see additional State and Local incentives available for the 2024 MINI Cooper SE please visit the fueleconomy.gov website. You may also save fuel costs. With fewer moving parts and fluids to repair and replace, all-electric MINIs also have lower lifetime maintenance costs. For example, all-electric vehicles do not require oil changes.

Which states offer tax and other incentives for electric vehicles?

State incentive programs for electric vehicles vary in their scope and applicability. While tax incentives are most frequently mentioned, HOV access, toll reduction, and sales tax exemptions are also offered. Please consult your knowledgeable financial planner or tax specialist to determine how the state and federal incentives may apply to you. The US Dept of Energy also maintains an up to date list which can be found here: https://afdc.energy.gov/laws/search

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

Manage Cookies

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube