MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

AWARD-WINNING ELECTRIC VEHICLES

EQUAL PARTS ELECTRIC AND ELECTRIFYING.

With superior driving range, convenient charging options, and unmatched economic efficiency, MINI Electric was made for satisfaction at every turn. That’s worth a victory lap.

MSRP as shown $36,095

Starting MSRP $30,900

CONTACT A DEALER

VIEW OFFERS

PLAYFUL. PRACTICAL. POWERFUL.

The 2024 MINI Cooper SE Electric Hardtop 2 Door stands out as a true power player, starting with its unmistakable design and graceful aesthetic. This all-electric hatchback is fine-tuned with functional technology to match the sleek style.

View All Specifications

114 mi.

Est. range per full charge

36 mins.

Quick charge to 80% at 50 kW

181 hp.

0-60 mph in 6.9 seconds

50k+

Public charging locations

100%

MINI driving excitement

READY TO DO THE ELECTRIC SLIDE?

shop inventory

Charging Convenience Stay charged at home and on the road

Charging Options

Charging Options

For Occasional Use Occasional Use Charger Charge up to 4 miles per hour.

Comes standard with your MINI

Charge with any standard 120V power outlet

Compact and portable

Compatible with electric and plug-in hybrid models

Recommended Optimized Home Wallbox or Public Charger Can fully charge your Cooper SE Hardtop in about 4 hours, or your Cooper SE Countryman in about 2.5 hours.

Never leave home without a full charge

Smart charge settings available

Compatible with electric and plug-in hybrid models

Public Charging Charge Quickly On the Go Up to 80% charge in as little as 36 minutes

Charging stations located nationwide

Charge while you run errands

Public charging stations can be found as points of interest within the MINI navigation system, the MINI App, and via other charging station apps or services

Compatible with the MINI Cooper SE (not compatible with the MINI Cooper SE Countryman)

01.

DRIVING RANGE

Stay the course.

This small and nimble electric car is made for the everyday driver. Work or play, MINI Electric gets you through the day with an EPA estimate of 114 miles of range on a full charge.

02.

CHARGING CONVENIENCE

Go the distance.

Recharging your small EV is a breeze. Choose from three different levels of charging compatibility, with our Level 3 (Fast DC) powering your MINI Electric up to 80% in just over a half-hour.

03.

SUPER SAVINGS

Save some coin.

Say goodbye to gas pumps or oil changes and say hello to economic efficiency. Monitor your electric cost per kilowatt-hour (kWh) and expect fewer maintenance requirements in a small electric vehicle versus a traditional gas-powered car.

ELECTRIC FEATURES

All systems go green.

Standard LED Headlights

LED headlights beam with cornering functionality, standard across all models. An auto-leveling system adjusts the angle to the road based on speed and load.

Active Driving Assistant

Stay in control with Active Driving Assistant, standard across all models, which includes collision warning and automatic emergency braking.

Lane Departure Warning

Navigate confidently with Lane Departure Warning, standard across all models. A steering wheel vibration alerts if you’re too close to the center lane.

Adaptive Cruise Control

Cruise cautiously with Adaptive Cruise Control, not only keeping your MINI at a set speed but also at a safe following distance.

MINI Maintenance+

Maintenance is on us. Reach peak performance with the cost-effective MINI Maintenance+, including comprehensive work done with genuine MINI parts by MINI Certified Technicians.

Roadside Assistance

24/7, 365 at 1-866-MINI-USA. Every new MINI comes standard with complimentary towing, locked-out service, and on-site assistance for the first 4 years (miles are unlimited).

Extended Motorer Protection

Go further with our Extended Motorer Protection, which covers an extensive list of mechanical and electrical components with two tiers of coverage and a range of durations to choose from.

Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program

Standard across all models, our Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program provides recommended scheduled maintenance for up to 3 years or 36,000 miles—whichever comes first.

MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty

The MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty takes care of everything inside and outside your vehicle for 4 years or 50,000 miles—whichever comes first.

Rust Perforation Warranty

Handle the wear and tear like a pro. Minus the tires, our 12-year rust and corrosion warranty offers bumper-to-bumper protection without a mileage limit.

TeleService Requests

Schedule service seamlessly. Our embedded cellular telematics system automatically or manually transmits vehicle service status and needs to your MINI Service Advisor.

MINI App

The MINI App connects you with extensive remote capabilities, intelligent status updates, personalized interface themes, and other features to elevate the ownership experience.

Apple CarPlay

Apple CarPlay enables hands-free functionality, where you can safely sync up an iPhone for seamless services on a high-resolution 8.8” touchscreen media display.

SiriusXM

SiriusXM comes standard with the purchase or lease of all Model Year 2022 (or later) MINIs, as does a 12-month Platinum Plan subscription for curated ad-free music and programming.

Touchscreen Media Display

A gorgeous 8.8” touchscreen media display beams with real-time weather or location alerts, calendar appointment notifications, and Journey Mate: the ultimate trip-planner app.

Upgraded Navigation System

Plug into the world around you with instinctive navigation. From convenient map services and live traffic updates to charge-optimized route planning and a gas or charging station finder.

Electric FAQs.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT MINI ELECTRIC

How much does the MINI Electric Hardtop cost?

The cost of a 2024 MINI Electric Hardtop is $30,900 for the Starting MSRP of a Cooper SE Hardtop 2 Door engine variant.

What is the MINI Electric Hardtop range?

On a full charge, the MINI Electric has an EPA estimated electric range of 114 miles for the Cooper SE Hardtop 2 Door engine variant. We’ve incorporated two levels of regenerative braking that permits the flow of energy back into your MINI while you drive.

How do you charge the MINI Electric Hardtop?

You can charge your MINI Electric Hardtop all-electric hatchback at home with the Level 1 Universal charging option, included with your vehicle, which charges up to four miles per hour with a standard cord and three-prong outlet. It’s just as easy to recharge your small electric car as it is to recharge your mobile phone. Furthermore, the Level 2 Fast charging option charges your MINI Electric Hardtop in approximately four hours with an optimized home wallbox or public charger, while the DC Fast charging option charges your MINI Electric Hardtop up to 80% in just over a half-hour. There are over 50,000 public charging stations across the nation if you happen to need some extra juice while on the go, so browse your car navigation system or download the MINI App to locate one nearby.

How much does it cost to charge the MINI Electric Hardtop?

Charging your MINI Electric Hardtop will typically cost only a fraction—about 1/3—of what it would cost to fuel up an equivalent gasoline model. All drivers will have different driving experiences, but the average charging cost can be calculated by multiplying the cost of electricity per kilowatt-hour (kWh) by the amount of power you are charging with in kilowatts (kW).

How much horsepower does a MINI Electric Hardtop have?

A MINI Electric Hardtop has 135 kW/181 horsepower for the Cooper SE Hardtop 2 Door engine variant, along with a 6.9-second 0-60 mph time and top speed of 93 mph.

What are the dimensions of a MINI Electric Hardtop?

The dimensions of a 2024 MINI Electric Hardtop—specifically, the Cooper SE Hardtop 2 Door engine variant—measure 151.7 inches long, 75.9 inches wide (including mirrors), and 56.4 inches tall with a 98.2-inch wheelbase.

What is the seating capacity of a MINI Electric Hardtop?

The seating capacity of a 2024 MINI Electric Hardtop is enough to fit four adults comfortably.

Does the MINI Electric Hardtop come with all-wheel drive?

The 2024 MINI Electric Hardtop is not available with all-wheel drive. However, our intelligent ALL4 all-wheel drive system is available as an option with various Clubman and Countryman model engine variants. ALL4 all-wheel drive will also be available with our next generation of upcoming 2025 model year vehicles including the All-Electric MINI Countryman SE ALL4, the MINI Countryman S ALL4, and the MINI JCW Countryman ALL4.

What are the tax incentives available with the MINI Electric Hardtop?

The tax incentives available with the MINI Electric Hardtop hatchback include many state and local incentives such as rebates, tax credits, and grants. State incentive programs for electric vehicles vary in their scope and applicability with California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Louisiana, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Oregon, and Washington DC being the states currently offering tax incentives ranging from $500 to $5,000. Incentives often depend on your tax situation, so we recommend consulting a knowledgeable tax professional to validate credit availability and eligibility or to learn more details about how these credits may apply to your individual situation.

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube