MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

IMPORTANT INFORMATION: Eligible customers receive $500 off MSRP for a new MY24 and MY25 MINIs when financed through MINI Financial Services or receive $500 lease credit for the lease of a new MY24 and MY25 MINIs when leased through MINI Financial Services. The finance offer excludes the Cooper Electric SE and Countryman SE ALL4, and the lease offer excludes all base Cooper variants, the Cooper Electric SE and Countryman SE ALL4. When new MY24 or MY25 MINIs are purchased with cash or financed with financial institutions other than MINI FS, eligible customers receive $500 on Cooper Hardtop 2dr/4dr/cv and Countryman, $750 on Cooper S 2dr/4dr/cv, Clubman S and Countryman S, $1,000 on Cooper Electric SE 2dr, Countryman SE ALL4, JCW 2dr, JCW Clubman, JCW Convertible, JCW Countryman. Eligible customers include Active Duty, Veterans, Retirees, Reservists and their family members. Qualification for the incentive requires the verification of the military member through ID.me to generate an offer code. Customer must take delivery by January 2, 2025. Incentive offer is subject to change without prior notice. One incentive per customer, per offer code, per calendar year for these select new MINI models without a prior retail sale. Eligible military member must be the purchaser. May be combined with other available incentives.

THE MINI MILITARY INCENTIVE

We’re offering $500-$1000 toward a lease or new MINI purchase for Active Duty, Retirees, Veterans, Reservists and Military Family Members. Take advantage of your special offer by simply confirming your status through ID.me.

Verify with

TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOUR OFFER

Please take note of your customer ID and offer code so you can bring them to your local MINI dealer and redeem your exclusive offer. You’ll also receive a confirmation email shortly.

VERIFIED WITH

CUSTOMER ID NUMBER

EXCLUSIVE OFFER CODE

EXCLUSIVE MILITARY OFFERS

From the open-air excitement of the MINI Convertible to the endless

possibilities for adventure with our MINI Countryman,

there’s a MINI out there that’s perfect for you.

So what’re you waiting for? Explore a full listing of offers

available for each MINI model.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Program Details

What is the MINI Military Incentive?

The MINI Military Incentive is a special offer tailored for service members stationed in the United States. Eligible military personnel and their families may qualify for incentives on new leased or purchased MINI vehicles.

Can I combine a military discount with other offers?

The MINI Military Incentive can be combined with most other offers, sales programs, or campaigns to maximize your savings. It may not be used with the MINI Corporate Sales Program. For more details, please contact your local MINI Center.

What vehicles are covered by the MINI Military Incentive?

Most MINI vehicles are available through the MINI Domestic Military Program. Check with your local MINI Center for further details.

Is the MINI Military Incentive available overseas?

Yes. If you're stationed abroad, you might be eligible for significant savings, extended warranties, and VAT-free purchasing for the vehicle you drive during your tour.

An authorized MINI Military Sales agent can help you with the details, arrange a test drive, and handle the paperwork. For more information about military privileges, visit BMW and MINI’s Military Sales website.

You can also rest assured that any vehicle purchased overseas complies with U.S. import regulations and road laws –so you can bring your MINI back when you rotate home.

What special rates are available for military members?

Find more information about current available offers on our main page and contact your local MINI dealer for the latest rates.

Authentication and Eligibility Requirements

Do I qualify for the MINI Military Incentive?

The MINI Military Incentive is available to active duty, retired, veterans, reservists, USAA members and their immediate family members in the United States. To confirm your status, use the simple online ID.me verification tool.

What happens if my status is still waiting to be verified?

If you haven’t been verified within minutes, please reach out to ID.me customer service for help.

Can family members qualify for the MINI Military Incentive?

Yes, immediate family members can also take advantage of this offer. In order to be eligible, each family member must verify their status using ID.me.

What is ID.me?

ID.me is our trusted partner in helping to keep your personal information safe. They specialize in digital identity protection and make it easy for you to prove your identity, so you can securely access advanced online services.

It is one of only 4 Single Sign-On providers that meet the U.S. government’s most rigorous requirements for online identity proofing and authentication. With bank-grade encryption, ID.me provides the strongest identity verification system available to prevent fraud and identity theft.

Additionally, ID.me is a Veteran-owned, digital identity platform. Hundreds of well-known private-sector companies (like Verizon, Dell, and Ford) and other government agencies and nonprofits (like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Hiring Our Heroes initiative) have also chosen ID.me to help keep their customers’ personal information safe.

How does ID.me work?

Verify your military status to secure your exclusive discounts through a quick, simple process. It takes just a few minutes and is available for the following segments:

Active Duty

National Guard

Reserves

Veterans

Retirees

Military Spouses

USAA Members

Immediate Military Family Members

Once you are verified and submit a lead, you'll receive a confirmation email with a unique customer ID and offer code.

MINI MOBILITY PROGRAM

When purchasing or leasing a new or Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) MINI from an authorized MINI Center, customers who require adaptive equipment for their vehicle can qualify for cost assistance through the MINI Mobility Program.

Learn More

This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page. The modal begins with a heading called . Pressing the Close Modal button on the modal will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page.

Closing this window will return you back to the main page

This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page. The modal begins with a heading called . Pressing the Close Modal button on the modal will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page.

Closing this window will return you back to the main page

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

Manage Cookies

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube