Sales: Call sales Phone Number512-792-4515 Service: Call service Phone Number512-792-3975 Parts: Call parts Phone Number512-525-8539

7113 McNeil Drive, Austin, TX US 78729

Open Today! Sales: 9am-7pm Open Today! Service: 7am-6pm

MINI of Austin

Schedule

Recalls

MINI of Austin

MINI of Austin

Call MINI of Austin

Get Directions to MINI of Austin

Call MINI of Austin

Get Directions to MINI of Austin

Search

or select -

sales: 512-792-4515

service: 512-792-3975

parts: 512-525-8539

Get Hours and Directions

7113 McNeil Drive, Austin, TX, 78729

Get Directions

Dealership Info

Sales Hours:Special Hours

Labor Day 9:00 AM - 7:00 PM

Regular Hours

Mon - Thu9:00 AM - 7:00 PM

Fri - Sat9:00 AM - 6:00 PM

SunClosed

Service Hours:Special Hours

Labor DayClosed

Regular Hours

Mon - Fri7:00 AM - 6:00 PM

Sat - SunClosed

Parts Hours:Special Hours

Labor DayClosed

Regular Hours

Mon - Fri7:00 AM - 6:00 PM

Sat - SunClosed

Contact Us

512-792-4515

Call Now

7113 McNeil Drive • Austin, TX 78729

Get Directions

Today's Hours:

Open Today! Sales: 9am-7pm

Open Today! Service: 7am-6pm

Open Today! Parts: 7am-6pm

The MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

ELECTRIC BEYOND EXPECTATIONS.

PLAYFUL, PRACTICAL, POWERFUL.

The MINI Cooper SE Electric Hardtop 2 Door stands out as a true power player, starting with its unmistakable design and graceful aesthetic. This all-electric hatchback is fine-tuned with functional technology to match the sleek style.

VIEW ALL SPECIFICATIONS

114 mi.

Est. range per full charge

36 mins.

Quick charge to 80% at 50KW

181 hp.

0-60 mph in 6.9 seconds

160k+ mi.

Public charging locations

100%

MINI driving excitement

STAY THE COURSE.

This small and nimble electric car is made for the everyday driver. Work or play, MINI Electric gets you through the day with an EPA estimate of 114 miles of range on a full charge.

GO THE DISTANCE.

Recharging your small EV is a breeze. Choose from three different levels of charging compatibility, with our Level 3 (Fast DC) powering your MINI Electric up to 80% in just over a half-hour.

SAVE SOME COIN.

Say goodbye to gas pumps or oil changes and say hello to economic efficiency. Monitor your electric cost per kilowatt-hour (kWh) and expect fewer maintenance requirements in a small electric vehicle versus a traditional gas-powered car.

Standard LED Headlights

Benefit from LED headlights with cornering functionality, standard across all models. An auto-leveling system adjusts the angle to the road based on speed and load.

Active Driving Assistant

Stay in control with Active Driving Assistant, standard across all models, which includes collision warning and automatic emergency braking.

Lane Departure Warning

Navigate confidently with Lane Departure Warning, standard across all models. A steering wheel vibration alerts if you’re too close to the center lane.

Adaptive Cruise Control

Cruise cautiously with Adaptive Cruise Control, not only keeping your MINI at a set speed but also at a safe following distance.

Maintenance+

Maintenance is on us. Reach peak performance with the cost-effective MINI Maintenance+, including comprehensive work done with genuine MINI parts by MINI Certified Technicians.

Roadside Assistance

24/7, 365 at 1-866-MINI-USA. Every new MINI comes standard with complimentary towing, locked-out service, and on-site assistance for the first 4 years (miles are unlimited).

Extended Motorer Protection

Go further with our Extended Motorer Protection, which covers an extensive list of mechanical and electrical components with two tiers of coverage and a range of durations to choose from.

Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program

Standard across all models, our Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program provides recommended scheduled maintenance for up to 3 years or 36,000 miles—whichever comes first.

MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty

The MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty takes care of everything inside and outside your vehicle for 4 years or 50,000 miles—whichever comes first.

Rust Perforation Warranty

Handle the wear and tear like a pro. Minus the tires, our 12-year rust and corrosion warranty offers bumper-to-bumper protection without a mileage limit.

TeleService Requests

Schedule service seamlessly. Our embedded cellular telematics system automatically or manually transmits vehicle service status and needs to your MINI Service Advisor.

MINI App

The MINI App connects you with extensive remote capabilities, intelligent status updates, personalized interface themes, and other features to elevate the ownership experience.

Apple CarPlay

Apple CarPlay enables hands-free functionality, where you can safely sync up an iPhone for seamless services on a high-resolution 8.8” touchscreen media display.

SiriusXM

SiriusXM comes standard with the purchase or lease of all Model Year 2022 (or later) MINIs, as does a 12-month Platinum Plan subscription for curated ad-free music and programming.

Touchscreen Media Display

A gorgeous 8.8” touchscreen media display beams with real-time weather or location alerts, calendar appointment notifications, and Journey Mate: the ultimate trip-planner app.

Upgraded Navigation System

Plug into the world around you with instinctive navigation. From convenient map services and live traffic updates to charge-optimized route planning and a gas or charging station finder.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What is the difference between an electric vehicle (EV) and a plug-in hybrid (PHEV)?

The main difference comes down to its power system. A battery electric vehicle, also known as an all-electric vehicle (EV or BEV), is entirely powered by a battery and an electric motor. Plug-in hybrids (PHEV) have a dual power system that combine an electric motor with a conventional gasoline engine.

Is MINI experienced in manufacturing batteries? What is the battery lifespan in an all-electric MINI?

MINI, which is part of The BMW Group, responsibly sources raw materials from leading suppliers for battery cell production and has been manufacturing batteries for electric vehicles since 2013. MINI is committed to relentless research and development in the field of battery technology. The current generation of batteries in MINI’s all-electric vehicles reflects this expertise and experience. The ambient temperature, number of cycles, age of the battery (regardless of use), and other factors influence battery life. For your peace of mind, MINI offers a comprehensive battery warranty that also covers against excessive battery capacity loss (if net battery capacity is less than 70% of its original nominal value) – whichever should occur first.

What is brake energy regeneration?

Regenerative braking technology allows electric and PHEV vehicles to recoup part of their energy during deceleration and braking storing it by recharging the battery.

What are the environmental advantages of driving an electric vehicle?

According to the US Department of Energy (https://www.energy.gov/), all-electric vehicles produce no carbon dioxide emissions when driving and can significantly reduce the emissions that contribute to climate change and air pollution – which contributes to the improvement of public health and the reduction of ecological damage.

What is the MINI battery warranty?

MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC warrants the high-voltage lithium-ion battery assembly against defects in materials or workmanship for a period of 8 years / 100,000 miles for EVs and 8 years/80,000 miles for PHEVs, whichever occurs first. Due to its inherent technical design, the high-voltage lithium-ion battery’s capacity will decrease over time and with use. If an authorized MINI dealer’s capacity check concludes that the net battery capacity is less than 70 percent of its original nominal value when it was new, this level of capacity loss is considered excessive. During the High-Voltage Lithium-Ion Battery Capacity Coverage period, MINI USA will cover the necessary component repair or replacement to correct this excessive capacity loss when performed by an authorized MINI dealer.

What are all-electric MINIs like to drive?

All-electric MINIs embody MINI’s performance legacy and engineering expertise. They are fun to drive, due to instant torque and linear acceleration of the electric motor. MINI EVs and PHEVs provide maximum torque from near standstill providing near-instant acceleration, MINIs are famous for their go-kart like handling. This fun-to-drive performance is maintained in MINI EVs with an even lower center of gravity – resulting in great driving dynamics, precise steering, and agile handling.

Does weather affect the performance and battery life of an electric MINI?

Just as with any other car, weather and other environmental conditions can affect a MINI EV. Extreme cold and hot temperatures may impact the driving range. Battery life is generally unaffected by typical weather conditions. Impacts on range can be minimized by using the pre-conditioning function which brings the car and battery to operating temperatures before driving off using power from the grid when plugged in.

How does one access Public Charging Stations?

Public charging stations can generally be accessed by opening an account with a charging provider, similar to opening one for a toll tag. Some stations also permit credit card access. Generally, after opening an account (usually online or in-app), the corresponding app will provide instructions for how to find, access, and if needed pay for charging sessions.

Inventory

New Vehicles

Pre-Owned Vehicles

Certified Pre-Owned

New Offers

Service

Service Center

Schedule Service

Parts Center

Order Parts

Financing

Finance Center

Apply For Financing

Value Your Trade

About

About Us

Contact Us

Accessibility

Privacy

Sitemap

Sitemap XML

Terms of Use

AudioEye

View Facebook

View Twitter

View Instagram

View Youtube-play

View Map-marker

Dealer Inspire Copyright © 2024

MINI of Austin 30.435591, -97.7635595.