MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

CONCEPT VEHICLE

ACEMAN

COLOR OUTSIDE THE LINES

Progress run amok. Sustainability on steroids. Technology on a tear. Meet the MINI Concept Aceman*, our first ever all-electric crossover SUV.

Concept car only. Not in production and not for sale.

EXTERIOR DESIGN

THE FUTURE IS LOOKING GOOD

As functional as it is flashy, the MINI Concept Aceman is a masterclass in unconventional two-box design.

EXTERIOR FEATURES

Royal flush.

Sensual

Laced with front and rear digital Matrix LED lighting, plus sensor-based animations on the grille and headlights.

Minimal

Dressed with upholstered free-standing door handles and strong structures made with soft surfaces.

Agile

Compact proportions and short overhangs are topped off with a roof rack in British Racing Green.

Functional

Driven by 20” Concept Wheels with an embossed triangle around the center.

Aesthetics reign supreme.

The MINI Concept Aceman is a modern interpretation of our signature SAV with a gripping blend of form, flexibility and functionality. The surfaces are carefully modeled with clean edges and precise contours, while the roof rack’s iridescent PVD coating creates a chameleon-like effect that shimmers in different shades.

INTERIOR DESIGN

SENSATIONAL STYLE

The lines are blurred between classic and sporty, with zero compromise on comfort. Breathtaking is an understatement.

INTERIOR FEATURES

Full house.

Ergonomic

Fits five, with front and rear seating made of flat knit, velvet velour and waffle fabric combinations.

Environmental

Adorned with chrome and leather-free material plus textiles made from recycled materials.

Ethereal

Sensually surreal with a free-floating central console and round OLED display extending animated projections across the dashboard.

Integrated

Handcrafted with a panoramic roof and toggle bar analog control element for gear selection, start/stop functionality and more.

Technology has turned a corner.

As soon as you open the MINI Concept Aceman’s doors, you’re greeted with vibrant colors and specially developed Color Burst sounds. Step inside to discover three unique experience modes that bring the interior to life and set the tone for a fun, interactive drive. Then, set your sights on the Aceman’s gorgeous interior OLED display and multi-screen infotainment system, which glimmers with overlapping shades and state-of-the-art light features.

TECHNOLOGY

A MINI FOR EVERY MOOD

A splash of spontaneity, paired with a hint of intuition. Needless to say, a sensory driving experience awaits.

TECH FEATURES & EXPERIENCE MODES

Personal Mode

Personal Mode is all about curated personalization of inner displays, where you can choose from an array of subtly animated background images that are projected onto the dashboard.

Pop-Up Mode

Pop-Up mode is MINI’s first experience-oriented navigation system, which includes an element of surprise. Decide where you want to go by sorting through a handful of eclectic experience categories.

Vivid Mode

Vivid Mode is a more playful and interactive journey, where you can completely reconfigure the design of the display area whenever the vehicle is stationary.

Transformational

The intelligent multi-screen infotainment and crisp user interface design connects passengers with an unprecedented experience that’s worth clamoring about.

Spatial

The floating dashboard, reminiscent of a surfboard, serves as staging for a brilliant spectrum of animated projections and sound collages in one long beautiful curve.

Graceful

The sensor-based light animation activates and becomes brighter upon approaching the vehicle, along with a special Earcon sound to greet.

Experiential

Three experience modes—Personal Mode, Pop-Up Mode, and Vivid Mode—indulge passengers in an interior bonanza and show different ways to operate.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What is the MINI Concept Aceman?

The MINI Concept Aceman is MINI’s first all-electric Crossover SUV, blending agility and adventure with exciting proportions, distinctive lines and clever functionality. Its exterior is colored in a light turquoise hue while its interior combines classic and sporty design elements for a modern, unprecedented experience. The MINI Concept Aceman is a concept car only, meaning it is not in production and not for sale.

What are some of the unique features of the MINI Concept Aceman?

Beyond all-electric driving performance, other key features of the MINI Concept Aceman include a floating dashboard and multi-screen infotainment system plus sustainable surfaces made from recycled materials and indulgent experience modes for an unparalleled driving experience. Visually, the MINI Concept Aceman takes on a two-box design with clearly defined contours and clean edges. It also comes with a roof rack.

When will the MINI Concept Aceman be available?

Right now, the MINI Concept Aceman is a concept car only and not in production or for sale. However, it is expected to debut in 2024.

Is the MINI Concept Aceman fully electric?

Yes. The MINI Concept Aceman is a fully electric Crossover SUV and reflection of how MINI is reinventing itself for an all-electric future at the start of the 2030s.

STAY IN THE LOOP

The MINI Concept Aceman rolls on.

The hype is real. Click below to join our inner circle and stay updated on the latest news as the MINI Concept Aceman continues to evolve.

STAY UPDATED

This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page. The modal begins with a heading called . Pressing the Close Modal button on the modal will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page.

Closing this window will return you back to the main page

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube