MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

Save $500 on a new or Certified Pre-Owned MINI with the MINI College Grad Program

Available exclusively through MINI Financial Services. Applicants must finance through MINI Financial Services and meet all requirements of the program to qualify for the incentive. To qualify, applicants must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a graduate, undergraduate or associate's degree earned within the previous 24 months, or be eligible for graduation within the next six months with a verifiable offer of employment. Subject to credit approval. CPO rate based on credit scores. Offer may not be combined with certain other offers. All new 2022 MINI models and all MINI Certified Pre-Owned model years are included in this program. Program is also applicable to lease contract under the same terms and conditions. Program subject to change without notice and is not transferable to other family members or friends outside the household. All lease and financing options are based upon dealer and program requirements and are subject to credit review and approval by MINI Financial Services, a division of BMW Financial Services NA, LLC.

THE MINI COLLEGE GRAD PROGRAM.

Getting your degree is just the beginning. MINI Financial Services is here to make sure you start your new life at TwinPower Turbo speed. If you’re a recent college grad, there’s no better way to start down the road to success than with $500* off a new MINI and our best available rates.

Offer Details

Stay Updated

COLLEGE GRAD OFFER

SAVE $500 ON A NEW OR CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED MINI WITH THE MINI COLLEGE GRAD PROGRAM

Available exclusively through MINI Financial Services. Applicants must finance through MINI Financial Services and meet all requirements of the program to qualify for the incentive. To qualify, applicants must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a graduate, undergraduate or associate's degree earned within the previous 24 months, or be eligible for graduation within the next six months with a verifiable offer of employment. Subject to credit approval. CPO rate based on credit scores. Offer may not be combined with certain other offers. New 2022 MINI models (Excluding electric MINI Cooper SE, Plug-In Hybrid Countryman, and Oxford Edition models), new 2023 MINI models (Excluding electric MINI Cooper SE, Plug-In Hybrid Countryman, and Classic trim models), and all MINI Certified Pre-Owned model years are included in this program. Program is also applicable to lease contract under the same terms and conditions. Program subject to change without notice and is not transferable to other family members or friends outside the household. All lease and financing options are based upon dealer and program requirements and are subject to credit review and approval by MINI Financial Services, a division of BMW Financial Services NA, LLC.

Build Yours

View Inventory

ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS

You've earned an undergraduate, graduate or associate's degree from an accredited college or university within the previous 24 months OR you are eligible to graduate within the next 6 months and have a verifiable offer of employment.

Proof of income or employer letter with the Human Resources representative's contact information, stating position/title, and income.

You have at least 6 months of credit history with no previous derogatory credit.

You have a debt-to-income ratio of less than 45%.

You have an automotive payment to income ratio of less than 20%.

You can provide a copy of your diploma or your official transcript.

Security deposit will be waived unless stipulated by credit.

This offer is subject to credit review and approval through MINI Financial Services.

Start putting your hard-earned diploma to work today with the College Grad Program from MINI Financial Services.

This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page. The modal begins with a heading called . Pressing the Close Modal button on the modal will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page.

Closing this window will return you back to the main page

OK Cancel

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube