MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

2024

MINI CONVERTIBLE

Sunburn some rubber. Starting at $35,700

CONTACT A DEALER

SHOP INVENTORY

FIND YOUR CONVERTIBLE

Meet your match.

Warm

Cooper Convertible

Starting At

$35,700

Open-air excitement.

134 hp

Horsepower

32 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

8.2 sec

0-60 Speed

Shop Inventory

Sunny

Cooper S Convertible

Starting At

$38,400

Extra spontaneous.

189 hp

Horsepower

30 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

6.7 sec

0-60 Speed

Shop Inventory

Breezy

John Cooper Works Convertible

Starting At

$44,900

Uncontainable fun.

228 hp

Horsepower

28 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

6.3 sec

0-60 Speed

Shop Inventory

EXTERIOR

So hot right now.

Rain or shine, the forecast always calls for fun in the 2024 MINI Convertible. With a soft top that folds up in a breeze—just 18 seconds—and a sunroof mode that gives you the best of both worlds, you’ll love every moment at the wheel of the most free-spirited MINI on the road.

BUILD YOURS

Loads of exterior features to discover.

Dreamy design.

Drop jaws while dropping the top. The Convertible brings the heat with an optional Piano Black exterior including the door handles, side scuttle, fuel filler cap, grille blade, and tailpipe finisher.

Vivid visibility.

Seeing is believing. The Convertible comes with standard LED Headlights to guide the way, along with our signature Union Jack taillights to bring out the best in the front and back grilles.

Roof rage.

The breeze never felt better. The Convertible is graced with an electrically-powered soft top roof that folds up quietly and smoothly in 18 seconds, plus sunroof mode for instant cruising comfort.

Dandy drive.

Rip corners with ease and ride like a seasoned roadrunner. The Convertible sifts around town with sturdy, sunkissed wheels and sleek air curtains for a more aerodynamic drive.

INTERIOR

Go from A to Beach in no time.

Be at one with your surroundings in the new MINI Convertible, a soft-top convertible with delightful interior features like ambient lighting, a differentiated dashboard design, and a heated steering wheel to come in handy on those chillier occasions. Cooper S variant shown.

Amped up interior design and tech.

Steering Wheel

The Convertible drives with a multifunctional sport leather steering wheel gamified with Lane Departure Warning, an alert system notifying drivers about lane drifting with rhythmic vibrations.

Headroom

The Convertible has generous space in all the right places whether or not the soft top is folded, including almost 40 inches of headroom in both the front and back rows.

Seating

The Convertible comfortably fits four adults while averaging 36.2 inches of legroom between the front and back rows across all three engine variants.

Dashboard

The Convertible’s dashboard does it all and does it well, combining an 8.8-inch touchscreen media display with a Dynamic Digital Instrument Cluster for easier view of information.

UNDER THE HOOD

Feel the win in your hair.

A thrill to drive with nothing to hide, the 2024 MINI Convertible comes fully equipped with a TwinPower Turbo direct-injection engine configuration, which will get you ratcheted up from 0-60 mph in as little as 6.3 seconds with the JCW variant. Acceleration shown for the John Cooper Works variant.

VIEW FULL SPECS

EXPLORE JCW

STANDARD FEATURES

So MINI reasons to get one.

MINI App

The MINI App connects you with extensive remote capabilities, intelligent status updates, personalized interface themes, and other features to elevate the ownership experience.

Apple CarPlay

Apple CarPlay is standard across all models, enabling hands-free functionality by syncing an iPhone to the high-resolution 8.8” touchscreen media display.

Roadside Assistance

24/7, 365 at 1-866-MINI-RSA. Every new MINI comes standard with complimentary towing, locked-out service, and on-site assistance for the first 4 years (miles are unlimited).

Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program

Standard across all models, our Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program provides recommended scheduled maintenance for up to 3 years or 36,000 miles—whichever comes first.

MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty

The MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty takes care of everything inside and outside your vehicle for 4 years or 50,000 miles—whichever comes first.

TeleService Requests

Schedule service seamlessly. Our embedded cellular telematics system automatically or manually transmits vehicle service status and needs to your MINI Service Advisor.

Standard LED Headlights

Light up the road with LED headlights, standard across all models, that have cornering functionality and an auto-leveling system which adjusts the angle to the road.

Active Driving Assistant

Stay in control with Active Driving Assistant, standard across all models, which includes collision warning and automatic emergency braking.

MINI IN THE NEWS

Always off the charts.

Guess which automaker tops the Consumer Reports* ratings for reliability? Surprise, surprise. Check out the ratings chart and see how MINI stacks up.

LEARN MORE

Consumer Reports does not endorse products or services.

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

Dive into the details.

Discover the other gems in the MINI family and build your own from scratch.

Check out the lineup.

Take a closer look at the stellar MINI lineup for information on each model plus specifications across different engine variants.

DOWNLOAD BROCHURE

Customize your own.

If you’re ready to make some moves, take our build-your-own configurator for a spin and customize a MINI to your liking.

BUILD YOURS

Convertible FAQs.

COMMON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MINI CONVERTIBLE

How much does a 2024 MINI Convertible cost?

The cost of a 2024 MINI Convertible is $35,700 for the Starting MSRP of a Cooper engine variant, $38,400 for the Starting MSRP of a Cooper S engine variant, and $44,900 for the Starting MSRP of a John Cooper Works engine variant.

Is the 2024 MINI Convertible hardtop or soft top?

The 2024 MINI Convertible is a soft top convertible with a roof that folds quietly and smoothly in 18 seconds at speeds of up to 18 mph.

What are the dimensions of a 2024 MINI Convertible?

The dimensions of a 2024 Convertible measure an average of 152.6 inches long, 75.9 inches wide (including mirrors), and just under 56 inches tall with a 98.2 inch wheelbase across all three engine variants.

What is the seating capacity of a 2024 MINI Convertible?

The seating capacity of a 2024 MINI Convertible has enough space to fit four adults comfortably across all three engine variants.

How much horsepower does a 2024 MINI Convertible have?

A MINI Convertible has 134 horsepower for the Cooper engine variant, 189 horsepower for the Cooper S engine variant, and 228 horsepower for the John Cooper Works engine variant with 8.2-second, 6.7-second, and 6.3-second 0-60 mph times for each, respectively. The top speed for the MINI Cooper Convertible is 127 mph, while the top speeds for the MINI Cooper S Convertible and MINI John Cooper Works Convertible is 143 mph and 149 mph, respectively.

Is the 2024 MINI Convertible available with all-wheel drive?

The MINI Convertible is not available with all-wheel drive. However, our intelligent ALL4 all-wheel drive system is available as an option with various Clubman and Countryman model engine variants.

Is the 2024 MINI Convertible available in a manual transmission?

The MINI Convertible is available in six-speed manual or automatic transmissions.

How many miles per gallon (mpg) does the 2024 MINI Convertible get?

The 2024 MINI Convertible gets an estimated combined city/highway fuel economy of 32 mpg for the Cooper engine variant, 30 mpg for the Cooper S engine variant, and 28 mpg for the John Cooper Works engine variant.

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube