MINI Lease and Finance Offers

Explore Offers

Select Your Local MINI Dealership

Select Your Local Dealer

Show More Locations

MENU

Certified Pre-Owned

Login

2024

MINI HARDTOP 4 DOOR

Twice as fun to drive.

Starting at $26,800.

CONTACT A DEALER

SHOP INVENTORY

FIND YOUR HARDTOP 4 DOOR

Meet your match.

More ingenuity

Cooper Hardtop 4 Door

Starting At

$26,800

MINI. Party of four.

134 hp

Horsepower

32 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

7.9 sec

0-60 Speed

More velocity

Cooper S Hardtop 4 Door

Starting At

$30,100

Turbocharged with twice the doors.

189 hp

Horsepower

32 mpg

Combined Fuel Economy

6.6 sec

0-60 Speed

EXTERIOR

The bigger the better.

Friends come standard in the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door. Bring your friends. Bring the kids. Bring the dog. Bring it on. With double the doors and more room for everyone, you can have your fill of fun in this compact hatchback. It’s everything you love about MINI, with more where that came from.

BUILD YOURS

Loads of exterior features to discover.

Distinct design.

Instantly recognizable, yet remarkably subtle. The Hardtop 4 Door is adorned with a sleek Piano Black exterior, from the door handles and side scuttle to the headlight and taillight rings.

Vibrant visibility.

Be cool and confident in your course of action. The Hardtop 4 Door has standard LED Headlights and the classic Union Jack taillights to guide the way, pairing nicely with the front and back grilles.

Signature swagger.

Top off the ride with a splash of color. The Hardtop 4 Door has a multitone roof—available in Soul Blue, Alpine White, and Chili Red gradients—that’s plastered with exclusive painting technology.

Fine finishes.

Look sharp and smooth as you hit the streets. The Hardtop 4 Door is flashier than flashy with hot wheels and crisp air vents, along with air curtains for a more aerodynamic drive.

INTERIOR

One size fits all.

With more headroom and legroom for your group, plus plenty of cargo room for all your stuff, the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door hatchback is the perfect example of how you can dial up comfort without compromising on anything else. Cooper S variant shown.

Amped up interior design and tech.

Steering Wheel

The Hardtop 4 Door has a multifunctional sport leather steering wheel that’s gamified with Lane Departure Warning, which notifies drivers about lane drifting with rhythmic vibrations.

Cargo Space

The Hardtop 4 Door has the space for all kinds of adventures with over 40 cubic feet of cargo volume and over 13 cubic feet of trunk volume to pack belongings.

Dashboard

The Hardtop 4 Door is graced with a glorious dashboard composition fusing an 8.8” touchscreen as the centerpiece with a Dynamic Digital Instrument Cluster for easier view of information.

Seating

The Hardtop 4 Door fits five adults comfortably, averaging 36.9 inches of legroom between the front and back rows in both variants to merge with almost 40 inches of headroom.

UNDER THE HOOD

Fill with friends and floor it.

Pack some snacks and pick up your friends. It’s time to make big MINI memories in the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door, which comes fully equipped with a TwinPower Turbo engine configuration that will get you from 0-60 mph in as little as 6.6 seconds with the Cooper S variant. Acceleration shown for the Cooper S variant.

VIEW FULL SPECS

STANDARD FEATURES

So MINI reasons to get one.

MINI App

The MINI App connects you with extensive remote capabilities, intelligent status updates, personalized interface themes, and other features to elevate the ownership experience.

Apple CarPlay

Apple CarPlay is standard across all models, enabling hands-free functionality by syncing an iPhone to the high-resolution 8.8” touchscreen media display.

Roadside Assistance

24/7, 365 at 1-866-MINI-RSA. Every new MINI comes standard with complimentary towing, locked-out service, and on-site assistance for the first 4 years (miles are unlimited).

Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program

Standard across all models, our Complimentary Scheduled Maintenance Program provides recommended scheduled maintenance for up to 3 years or 36,000 miles—whichever comes first.

MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty

The MINI New Passenger Car Limited Warranty takes care of everything inside and outside your vehicle for 4 years or 50,000 miles—whichever comes first.

TeleService Requests

Schedule service seamlessly. Our embedded cellular telematics system automatically or manually transmits vehicle service status and needs to your MINI Service Advisor.

Standard LED Headlights

Light up the road with LED headlights, standard across all models, that have cornering functionality and an auto-leveling system which adjusts the angle to the road.

Active Driving Assistant

Stay in control with Active Driving Assistant, standard across all models, which includes collision warning and automatic emergency braking.

MINI IN THE NEWS

Always off the charts.

Guess which automaker tops the Consumer Reports* ratings for reliability? Surprise, surprise. Check out the ratings chart and see how MINI stacks up.

LEARN MORE

Consumer Reports does not endorse products or services.

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

Dive into the details.

Discover the other gems in the MINI family and build your own from scratch.

Check out the lineup.

Take a closer look at the stellar MINI lineup for information on each model plus specifications across different engine variants.

DOWNLOAD BROCHURE

Customize your own.

If you’re ready to make some moves, take our build-your-own configurator for a spin and customize a MINI to your liking.

BUILD YOURS

Hardtop 4 Door FAQs.

COMMON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MINI COUNTRYMAN

How much does a 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door cost?

The cost of a 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door is $26,800 for the Starting MSRP of a Cooper engine variant and $30,100 for the Starting MSRP of a Cooper S engine variant.

What are the dimensions of a 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door?

The dimensions of a 2024 Hardtop 4 Door measure an average of 158.8 inches long, 75.9 inches wide (including mirrors), and just over 56 inches tall with a 101.1 inch wheelbase across both engine variants. The Hardtop 4 Door is bigger than a Hardtop 2 Door in length and height, with a larger wheelbase too.

What is the weight of the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door?

The curb weight of a MINI Hardtop 4 Door, or its weight including a full tank of fuel and all standard equipment, is 2,892 lbs for the Cooper engine variant and 2,963 lbs for the Cooper S engine variant.

How much horsepower does a 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door have?

A MINI Hardtop 4 Door has 134 horsepower for the Cooper engine variant and 189 horsepower for the Cooper S engine variant, with 7.9-second and 6.6-second 0-60 mph times for each, respectively. The top speed for the MINI Cooper Hardtop 4 Door is 129 mph, while the top speed for the MINI Cooper S Hardtop 4 Door is 145 mph.

Is the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door available with all-wheel drive?

The MINI Hardtop 4 Door is not available with all-wheel drive. However, our intelligent ALL4 all-wheel drive system is available as an option with various Clubman and Countryman model engine variants.

Is the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door available in a manual transmission?

The MINI Hardtop 4 Door compact hatchback is available in six-speed manual or automatic transmissions.

How many miles per gallon (mpg) does the 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door get?

The 2024 MINI Hardtop 4 Door gets an estimated combined city/highway fuel economy of 32 mpg for the Cooper engine variant and 31 mpg for the Cooper S engine variant.

Stay updated.

Join our mailing list for all the latest MINI news, offers, and buzz. And don’t worry—we won’t share your information with anyone else.

Subscribe

2025 MODELS

2025 New MINI Family

MINI Countryman S ALL4

MINI JCW Countryman ALL4

MINI Cooper 2 Door

MINI Cooper 4 Door

2024 MODELS

MINI Electric Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Convertible

MINI Electric

MINI John Cooper Works

Outgoing 2024 Models

MINI Countryman

MINI Hardtop 2 Door

MINI Hardtop 4 Door

MINI Clubman

Community

Why MINI

Covered Maintenance

Our Heritage

Motorsports

Shopping Tools

Build A New MINI

Find A Dealer

Schedule A Test Drive

Special Offers

Estimate A Payment

MINI Financial Services

Certified Pre-Owned

Military Program

MINI Mobility Program

Motoring Protection Programs

U.S. Diplomatic Sales Program

MINI App

LEGAL

Contact Us

Safety And Emission Recalls

MINI Accessibility Statement

Frequently Asked Questions

Privacy & Legal

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

MINI.com

Ad Choices

CAREERS

MINI Careers

© 2024 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. The MINI name, MINI logo, model names, and other trademarks are trademarks of BMW AG.

Tik Tok

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube