Home

Mini

Mini Cooper

Mini Cooper review

Category: Small car

The 2024 Mini Cooper gets a refreshed exterior and interior but sticks to the familiar formula

What Car?’s COOPER deals

New car deals

Save up to £2,322

Target Price from £22,537

Save up to £2,322

or from £244pm

Swipe to see used car deals

Nearly new deals

From £23,850

We have a network of trusted dealers

Enquire on the COOPER

Chat to a local Mini dealer online.

by

Oliver Young

Published02 May 2024

How we test cars

Also great

Honda Jazz

Renault Clio

What Car? says...

Let’s get the Mini Cooper cliches out the way, shall we? It’s as English as a cuppa (despite the current German ownership), it’s bursting with retro style and, oh look, it’s got bigger since the original. The Italian Job, The Bourne Identity... you choose the film reference.

The Mini Cooper is an icon for a multitude of reasons and one of the best-selling new cars on the market – hence the brand has taken a careful yet comprehensive approach in overhauling the model for 2024.

You see, the new Cooper uses an updated version of its predecessor’s mechanical underpinnings, rather than something new that’s been built from the ground up (like in the case of the new Mini Cooper Electric). Your two engine options have been brought over from the old car too.

So, what’s changed? Well, the front lights and front bumper have been redesigned, as has the rear bumper and rear lights. However, the most noticeable and arguably most significant difference is the car’s completely new interior.

What Car? has a buying service

Find out more

In concept, the Mini Cooper’s retro styling might remind you of the Fiat 500 Hybrid but, considering the level of luxury, the key rival ends up being the Audi A1. Other foes include the Seat Ibiza and VW Polo as well as the Honda Jazz and Toyota Yaris.

So is the Mini Cooper up there with the best small cars and should you buy one? Read on to find out...

Overview

The new Mini Cooper has its charms, being thoroughly stylish, powerful and – for the most part – good to drive. It has its flaws, but the Cooper has always appealed more to the heart than the head. Our favourite variant is the entry-level Cooper C. Sure, the Cooper S’s engine may be that bit stronger and smoother, but the S is no more fun or engaging to drive, unfortunately. What’s more, the C’s unit remains a treat.

Stylish interior

Lots of performance

Nippy around town

Ride is on the firm side

One of the least practical small cars

A fair bit of wind and road noise

New car deals

Save up to £2,322

Target Price from £22,537

Save up to £2,322

or from £244pm

Swipe to see used car deals

Nearly new deals

From £23,850

Our Pick

RRP £23,150

Mini Cooper 1.5 C Classic 3dr Auto review

What Car? Target Price: £22,536

Save at least £613

Get the best price

See the full range

Performance & drive

What it’s like to drive, and how quiet it is

Strengths

+Very strong engines

+Agile around town

+Largely comfortable ride on small wheels

Weaknesses

-Some wind and road noise

-Weight becomes an issue at speed

-Inconsistent steering

Engine, 0-60mph and gearbox

The entry-level Mini Cooper C has a 154bhp 1.5-litre three-cylinder petrol engine – which is also our pick of the range. It’s a feisty, strong unit, more so than the engine found in the Audi A1 35 TFSI as well as what you get from most rivals. The 0-62mph sprint is dispatched in just 7.7 seconds and that's truly remarkable for the entry-level version of a small car.

If you want more shove, plus a slightly smoother delivery, there's the Cooper S. Its 2.0-litre, four-cylinder petrol has 201bhp for a 0-62mph time that's a second quicker than its 1.5-litre counterpart. On paper, the S is a fiery hot hatch.

In reality, the S is more grown up than you might think. Gone are the previous-generation car's juvenile pops and crackles from the exhaust – the exhaust is now hidden from view, in fact – as the Cooper S pumps a plainly synthesised soundtrack from its speakers. That’s common nowadays, but we’ve heard more convincing efforts.

Another mature thing about the new Cooper S is that, unlike the previous car, it’s only available with a seven-speed automatic gearbox – or rather two of them. The standard auto is good, shifting smoothly and quickly enough. Switching to Go Kart driving mode enables the engine to work harder before changing up a gear.

Skip the showroom and find out more online

With both the Cooper S and Cooper C, if you go for the range-topping Sport trim you get shift paddles on the steering wheel (as part of the "sport automatic transmission"). They're snappy to use and add an extra layer of engagement, although Sport trim pushes the Cooper S's price beyond £30,000.

Suspension and ride comfort

Every Mini Cooper rides pretty firmly over typically undulating British roads. Thankfully, well-judged damping stops the car feeling like a pogo stick. In fact, the only time it gets uncomfortable is over a particularly vicious pothole or if you encounter mid-corner bumps at speed.

The news isn’t as good for town driving, and the Mini Cooper jostles you around a bit on roads that the VW Polo would smother far more effectively. As is often the case, wheel size plays into how good the ride is: the larger 17in and 18in alloys look good but can make the car a little more unsettled. It’s still calmer than the firmer Cooper Electric, but we’d recommend sticking to the smaller 16in wheels on Classic trim if ride comfort is important to you.

Handling

Mini likes to talk about the "go-kart feel" of its cars and in practice the Cooper has quick, darty steering and a grippy front end that makes the car feel pointy and agile – more so than an Audi A1.

Around town, the Cooper is exactly that, and while outright grip isn’t particularly high on faster, twisty roads, body lean remains well kept in check.

Despite its added poke, the Cooper S is the same story. It offers up a largely fun drive, but it doesn’t feel as playful as the best hot hatches. In other words, there are more exciting handlers out there that also have more meaty steering, although they'll cost you more too.

Noise and vibration

Both engines are remarkably smooth and quiet, being slightly more so in the S (as we touched upon). You hardly feel any nasty vibrations through the steering wheel and pedals.

The relatively upright windscreen and pillars means wind noise is very noticeable at motorway speeds. There’s also plenty of road roar, especially with big wheels fitted, meaning an Audi A1 or VW Polo is a more hushed companion.

Interior

The interior layout, fit and finish

Strengths

+Good driving position

+Comfy front seats offer lots of adjustment

+Interior quality up with the best rivals

Weaknesses

-Rivals have better forward visibility

-Infotainment is a bit fiddly to use

Driving position and dashboard

The driver's seat in the Mini Cooper is comfortable and has a wide range of adjustment as standard. You can get the seat nice and low for a sporty driving position as well – the complete opposite of the tall position the Fiat 500 Hybrid forces upon you.

There's knitted fabric across the dashboard and on the insides of the doors – available in a variety of colours depending on trim level – and toggle switches for the gear selector and for changing driving modes. Meanwhile, instead of a start button, there's a plastic knob shaped like a key.

Some people might dislike the overly thick steering wheel, but that's about the extent of our complaints here.

Visibility, parking sensors and cameras

The Mini Cooper has reasonable all-round visibility compared to its rivals, but chunky front pillars can limit your view at junctions.

The rear pillars are far slimmer so the view over your shoulder is good and the compact shape means it’s easy to judge the car’s extremities. All Minis come with a rear-view camera, and it's the same with automatic windscreen wipers.

Sat nav and infotainment

Taking centre stage is a circular, 9.4in infotainment touchscreen. It’s essentially the same as the one you get with the new Mini Countryman and features Mini’s latest infotainment software.

The graphics are very crisp and there are several brightly coloured themes, but it’s more snazzy than simple to use.

The screen is littered with small icons that are tricky to aim for, while the menus could be more logically laid out. You do have standard Android Auto and Apple CarPlay smartphone mirroring though.

Quality

One of the previous-gen Mini’s best attributes was its interior: hop in one for the first time and you could immediately tell it was a premium product. With this new one, it’s been given a more modern, minimalistic design that looks properly stylish.

What’s more, in a class guilty of some rather dark and drab interiors, the fact you can have the seats and fabric portions of the dashboard in a classy light grey or beige is appreciated. The Sport trim gets a sporty red pattern on the dashboard, too.

It’s a shame there are more cheap-feeling plastics than before, such as on the door and lower parts of the dashboard, but the Mini remains a step above most rivals – the Fiat 500 Hybrid feels a lot cheaper inside. All of your main touchpoints, like the steering wheel, door handles and switchgear, feel great.

Build quality feels solid, and overall the Mini Cooper's interior is on a par with the rival Audi A1.

Passenger & boot space

How it copes with people and clutter

Strengths

+Plenty of space in the front

+Good seat flexibility

Weaknesses

-Rear-seat passengers have very little space

-Tight opening to access the rear seats

-Small boot

Front space

The Mini has the most front leg room of any premium small car we’ve tested because the front seats slide back a long way. There’s plenty of head room up front for most drivers to get comfortable, too, although you’ll find more in the VW Polo and even more in the Honda Jazz.

There are a couple of cup holders and decently sized cubbies up front, including one that has that knitted fabric on it for a touch of extra style and class to go with its practicality.

Rear space

The three-door Mini is tighter than the Audi A1 for rear head and leg room. Its bench is restricted to a maximum of two passengers.

That does mean there’s more shoulder room for each of them so they’ll be fairly comfortable (assuming they're quite short). They'll find access a bit of a pain, though, as they'll have to duck under the low roof and past front seats that leave a narrower access gap when tilted forward than in some three-door rivals.

Once they're inside, rear-seat passengers will find the seats comfortable thanks to the angle of its backrests. There are storage pockets in the back of the front seats and three cupholders that will take a standard 500ml bottle or a large takeaway coffee cup.

The Honda Jazz is far roomier in the back and would be a wiser choice if you regularly carry rear-seat passengers.

Seat folding and flexibility

Pulling a lever on the shoulder of the front seats allows the seatback to fold forwards and the whole seat to slide if you give it a shove, providing access to the back.

The rear seats fold in a 60/40 split, which includes the cushioned divider between them. When you pull the toggles on the shoulders of the seats they topple forward easily. If you want more rear-seat versatility, the Honda Jazz will be the car for you – its seat bases fold like cinema seats to increase vertical space for tall items.

Boot space

The boot in the Mini Cooper is 210 litres, which isn’t as much space as in the Ford Fiesta, Seat Ibiza or Skoda Fabia but is just about large enough for a big weekly shopping trip.

The Cooper's boot is a good square shape, and you don’t have to lift items too far off the floor to get them over the load lip. There’s also a shallow rectangular storage area under the boot floor for smaller items.

To maximise the available boot space and accommodate boxier items, you can lock the rear seatbacks at a right angle. When they're folded down, there’s a big step up to them from the boot floor.

Buying & owning

Everyday costs, plus how reliable and safe it is

Strengths

+Price justifiable for a premium product

+Slow depreciation

+Good standard kit

Weaknesses

-No Euro NCAP safety rating yet

-There are cheaper, more practical rivals

Costs, insurance groups, MPG and CO2

The Mini Cooper is a premium product and is priced as such, so it looks a bit expensive when you compare it to more mainstream small cars such as the Renault Clio, Seat Ibiza and VW Polo. That’s especially true when you consider how much more space those rivals offer.

That said, the Mini can still make some financial sense, thanks to competitive PCP and leasing offers. Its depreciation is also reasonably slow over three years but an Audi A1 depreciates even more slowly.

On the other hand, some rivals emit less CO2 and return better fuel economy. The Cooper C officially averages 47.9mpg and the Cooper S 45.6mpg. The A1 35 TFSI has an official average of 47.1mpg, sure, but some small cars like the Honda Jazz and Toyota Yaris – aided by their hybrid systems – can now exceed 60mpg.

Equipment, options and extras

You get a choice of three trim levels and they're the same no matter whether you choose the Cooper C or Cooper S engine. They are entry-level Classic, Exclusive and range-topping Sport.

While they differ in price, they are more cosmetic than anything else, although Sport does get you the sport transmission with steering wheel paddles. If you're looking for kit, that's where the option packs come in.

Level 1 gets you LED headlights, keyless entry, heated front seats, a head-up display and a few other desirable things. It demands a hefty £2,000 premium, but we can see that being justifiable in many people's eyes.

What's less justifiable is Level 2. It adds a panoramic sunroof and an upgraded sound system, as well as a few other items, but it chucks another £2,000 on top of the already hefty price. Meanwhile, Level 3 adds a massaging driver’s seat, an interior camera, adaptive cruise control and a 360-degree parking camera.

Reliability

As a brand, Mini came third out of 32 car makers in the 2023 What Car? Reliability Survey. Only Lexus and Toyota did better.

All Mini Coopers come with a three-year warranty and breakdown assistance, and both can be extended with a variety of cover levels and price plans.

Safety and security

There's a good amount of standard kit to help you avoid an accident, including automatic emergency braking (AEB) and lane-departure warning.

The latest Mini Cooper has yet to be crash-tested by safety experts Euro NCAP.

For all the latest reviews, advice and new car deals, sign up to the What Car? newsletter here

FAQs

Mini is owned by parent company BMW but the cars are manufactured in their own factory in Britain and the Netherlands.

We recommend going for the entry-level Mini Cooper, the Cooper C in Classic trim. Exclusive might look that bit fancier, but we'd put the money towards the Level 1 equipment pack instead – that way you get heated front seats, keyless entry, a head-up display and some other desirable features.

The cheapest Mini Cooper is the Cooper C Classic, costing from £23,150. For the latest prices, see our New Car Deals pages.

Specifications

New car deals

Save up to £2,322

Target Price from £22,537

Save up to £2,322

or from £244pm

Swipe to see used car deals

Nearly new deals

From £23,850

RRP price range £23,150 - £42,500 Number of trims ( see all ) 12 Number of engines ( see all ) 4 Available fuel types ( which is best for you? ) electric, petrol MPG range across all versions 44.8 - 47.9 Available doors options 5 Warranty 3 years / No mileage cap Company car tax at 20% (min/max) £60 / £2,312 Company car tax at 40% (min/max) £120 / £4,624 Available colours